Add `advanced_filter` (and `sort`) param to `list()` method on `assets`, `events`, `sequences`, `time_series` APIs (#1667)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## [7.28.0] - 2024-03-11
> ### Added
> - Added support for advanced filter query in the `list()` (and `__call__()`) method of `assets`, `events`, `sequences`, and `time_series` APIs. Now you are able to use advanced filter (like in `filter()`) at the same time as the simple filter properties allowing for more complex requests. Additionally, added `sort` and `partitions` params to `list()` and `__call__()` methods of all the APIs that were missing either.
> ### Deprecated
> - Added a deprecation warning on the `filter()` method of `assets`, `events`, `sequences`, and `time_series` APIs as its functionality is fully replicated in the `list()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [7.28.0] - 2024-03-12
### Added
- Added support for advanced filter query in the `list()` (and `__call__()`) method of `assets`, `events`, `sequences`,
  and `time_series` APIs. Now you are able to use advanced filter (like in `filter()`) at the same time as the simple
  filter properties, allowing for more complex requests.
- Added missing `sort` parameter to `list()` and `__call__()` methods for `AssetsAPI`.
- Added missing `sort` parameter to `list()` and `__call__()` methods for `TimeSeriesAPI`.
- Added missing `sort` and `partitions` parameters to `list()` and `__call__()` methods for `SequencesAPI`.
### Deprecated
- Added a deprecation warning on the `filter()` method of `assets`, `events`, `sequences`, and `time_series` APIs as
  its functionality is fully covered by the `list()` method.
```
